Installation guide (#55)
Sylius/PriceHistoryPlugin: README.md

<h1 align="center">Price History Plugin</h1>

<p align="center"><a href="https://sylius.com/plugins/" target="_blank"><img src="https://sylius.com/assets/badge-official-sylius-plugin.png" width="200"></a></p>

⚙️ Installation 
===============

We encourage you to use the installation instructions based on Rector and Recipes as it is more convenient and faster.

> Below you can also find an instruction using the traditional installation process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can also find an instruction using the traditional installation process.
```

Prerequisites
-------------

You need to have installed both SyliusRecipes and SyliusRector. You can find how to install them here:
- [Sylius/SyliusRecipes](https://github.com/Sylius/SyliusRecipes)

> - [Sylius/SyliusRector](https://github.com/Sylius/SyliusRector)

Reviewer 2: Should be inside the `Installation with Recipes and Rector` section

Installation with Recipes and Rector

> -------------

Reviewer: These lines should be adjusted to the length of the titles, here and in other places

1. Run:

    ```bash
    composer require sylius/price-history-plugin --no-scripts
    ```

2. Update `<project_root>/rector.php`

    ```diff

>    + use Sylius\SyliusRector\Set\SyliusPriceHistory;
>    
>     return static function (RectorConfig $rectorConfig): void {
>         // ...
>     +    $rectorConfig->sets([SyliusPriceHistory::PRICE_HISTORY_PLUGIN]);
>     };

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    + use Sylius\SyliusRector\Set\SyliusPriceHistory;
   
    return static function (RectorConfig $rectorConfig): void {
        // ...
    +    $rectorConfig->sets([SyliusPriceHistory::PRICE_HISTORY_PLUGIN]);
    };
```

3. Run:

    ```bash
    vendor/bin/rector
    ```

> 4. Ensure you have modified resource configured in `config/packages/_sylius.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this step be taken care of by the recipe?

Author: https://github.com/Sylius/PlusSource/tree/main/src/ReturnPlugin#installation-guide

We did the same on Plus plugins

    ```yaml
    sylius_customer:
        resources:
            customer:
                classes:
                    model: App\Entity\Customer\Customer
    sylius_core:
        resources:
            channel_pricing:
                classes:
                    model: App\Entity\Channel\ChannelPricing
    ```

5. Execute migrations:

    ```bash
    bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
    ```

6. Rebuild the cache to display all new translations correctly:

    ```bash
    bin/console cache:clear
    bin/console cache:warmup
   ```

> Traditional installation

Reviewer: This part can be moved to a separate page I guess as it is not the recommended approach

-------------

1. Run:

    ```bash
    composer require sylius/price-history-plugin --no-scripts
    ```

2. Add the following line to the `packages/bundles.php`

    ```php
    Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin::class => ['all' => true]
    ```

3. The `Channel` entity should implement the following interface:
    
    ```php
    Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelInterface
    ```
   
    and use trait:
        
    ```php
    Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\LowestPriceForDiscountedProductsAwareTrait
    ```

    Final result:
    
    ```php
    <?php
    
    declare(strict_types=1);
    
    namespace App\Entity\Channel;
    

>     use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelInterface;
>     use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\LowestPriceForDiscountedProductsAwareTrait;
>     use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
>     use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\Channel as BaseChannel;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\Channel as BaseChannel;
    use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelInterface;
    use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\LowestPriceForDiscountedProductsAwareTrait;
```

Author: Some magic shuffled this copy-paste 💃

    
   /**
    * @ORM\Entity
    * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_channel")
    */
    #[ORM\Entity]
    #[ORM\Table(name: 'sylius_channel')]
    class Channel extends BaseChannel implements ChannelInterface
    {
        use LowestPriceForDiscountedProductsAwareTrait;
    }
    ```

4. The `ChannelPricing` entity should implement the following interface:
    
    ```php
    Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelPricingInterface
    ```

   and use trait:

    ```php
    Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait
    ```
   
    Final result:
    
    ```php
    <?php
    
    declare(strict_types=1);
    
    namespace App\Entity\Channel;
    

>     use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
>     use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;
>     use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
>     use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelPricing as BaseChannelPricing;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelPricing as BaseChannelPricing;
    use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
    use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;
```

    
   /**
    * @ORM\Entity
    * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_channel_pricing")
    */
    #[ORM\Entity]
    #[ORM\Table(name: 'sylius_channel_pricing')]
    class ChannelPricing extends BaseChannelPricing implements ChannelPricingInterface
    {
    use LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;
    }
    ```

> 5. Add configuration of modified resources in `config/packages/_sylius.yaml`:

Reviewer: IMO it can look the same as above:
```suggestion
5. Ensure you have modified resource configured in `config/packages/_sylius.yaml`:
```
